---
published: false
---

Today was pretty eventful. Have you ever had the type of day where you only got like two things done and it was enough to make the whole day awesome? Well, that’s what happened to me today. First bit of awesome was that it was labor day and it meant the day off for me. I didn’t really need a day off, but when the government and my workplace agree on giving me a day off, well, I’m not even mad. You would think this means that I was going to sleep in all day and walk around in my pajama’s but my morning was far from that. I woke up around 6, ate breakfast and then laid down to think. In my head I thought about one thing: getting a computer chair. Now, I already have a computer chair, but it’s like 10 years old and it stinks and I don’t feel comfortable on it. It’s baffling that it took me 10 years to realize that I need a new chair. Recently, I’ve been thinking on how to treat myself good. It’s weird to even type that out. As I can almost hear the sigh in someone reading this. 

What I mean is that for the longest time I’ve focus my attention on making everyone else feel good. It was great. People liked me and I guess that’s what I ultimately wanted. It's weird to think of the things people would do for approval. But there was something missing. It’s kind of like looking over at a table of people smiling and laughing while you’re at a table alone. You’re happy for them but you can’t help but feel at least a little sad. It’s not like I felt sad, at least initially. It took several instances of realizing that I was giving myself up for someone else happiness. The reason I kept doing it was because that was my way of making myself feel better. Helping people makes me feel good but I was giving my time to everyone who needed it, except for myself. I figured, I know how to treat myself, let me finally get a new chair. Not only did I think of the chair because I needed one but also because the other day I got to try out a chair that I feel in love with. I was not in love with the price and then ended up not buying it. 

Money is so weird. I don’t really know what it’s for, yet I don’t think our civilization could be as advanced without it. A necessary  evil I call it. I could afford it, but still didn’t buy it. I say money is weird because my relationship with it is weird. It may be because I live with my parents but I don’t actually like money. I don’t get excited when I earn it. I want more because I think I deserve more, but I don’t actually want it. It’s weird. I think if money wasn’t necessary in life, I wouldn’t work at all to get it. This sounds obvious. I can imagine a bunch more people saying that. Any who, I tried the chair loved it and walked out just thinking about it. This morning I check online and it’s on sale! LABOR DAY, CAN YOU GET MORE AWESOME. Well, it turns out it can. I went over to the store with my dad and picked it up. Got home. Got all the pieces out and started screwing stuff. About 30 mins and no missing pieces later, I have got myself a brand new chair. Since then, I haven’t been able to stop smiling. I know, it’s just a chair. But it’s my chair and it’s comfortable. I feel like I can sit here all day.(I really shouldn’t do that) For the first time, my parents seem to approve of a purchase I made. It seems like they’ve realized that I barely buy anything for myself. I have a buying anxiety. It’s description really needs it’s own post. 

So that was one purchase that made my day a whole lot better. The other? Well, I just impulsed buyed a DSLR. Is it still in impulse buy if I been wanting for many years but just never gathered the courage to finally buy one? Well, I was roaming around online and I found a deal that I absolutely could not let pass. I could feel my heart beat as I saw it. I have an interest in photography, but I can’t pursue it without a camera. Problem solved. I ordered it online and headed to the store to pick it up. I’m so excited, and I don’t remember being this happy about anything in a long time. I decided to share my experience in this blog post. Some things have been left out but I’m kind of just writing this off the cuff. It’s day one of my information diet, and I feel cool and refreshed. I think I’m going to continue this and see how far I can go with it. See you in the next one.
