---
published: true
layout: post
title: Things I like "How To Survive a Party"
---


<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/SiEtFrqoiSQ" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Today I'm posting a quick thought on a video I enjoyed. It's created by SourceFed host William Haynes. I don't know when I first started enjoying SourceFed, but I can safely say that I've enjoyed the evolution of Will. Every now and again I would stumble upon a video from sourcefed, look at the headline and just roll my eyes at it. Since then, I've learned to appreciate the cast as a group of talented young people that try to make the news slightly more paletable for millenials(and younger people). I consider them more entertainers than news anchors(a title I'm sure they'd agree with). Will in particular is an aspiring comedian. It's interesting to see his trajectory. Often times, a comedian uses their platform as a way to show a mirror to society. To call people out on their bullshit. The comedian, therefore, has some insight into how things really are. They see past the facade of everyday life. You would think will is our of place right. 

I mean, what can a 21 year old know about how things really are. The reason George Carling was popular(a comedian which will looks up to), is because he was an old man with experience and insight. It was information that his audience likley didn't have. Or maybe they did have it, and didn't know they had it. Like when a comedian says something and you think "oh yeahh". It's funny because they spoke truth you might have known about and ignored. Surprisingly, Will has a worldly perspective on the topics that he speaks about even if he's just 21. He has interests in politics and outreach which surely contribute to how he perceives the world. Perspective is everything, and it's something he speaks about in this video. I like how mentions that we're all actors. People like to pretend like they know what they're doing when the opposite is often true. This is very relieving for other 20 somethings like me that feel so lost in the world. Here he teaches us to make the most our of life and enjoy it. It's a great message to spread. I thouroughly enjoyed the video style as he walks amongst people in a room esentially ranting to himself. It's the type of humor that doesn't just make you laugh, it makes you node in agree. I can't wait to see what else he comes up with. Even though, he's younger than me, his poise and courage makes me look up to him. Hope you guys enjoy the video. I'll see you in the next post.
